We have to explain in the simplest way
for you to understand
who you are,
but you won't know who you were.
The government removed your memory
to restore you to society,
without taking away your physical life.
Life.
Warsaw, 2030
You must be familiar
with the 1997 classic film "Men in Black",
directed by Barry Sonnenfeld
and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Billy...
They had a similar gadget.
One click and a patient
remembered nothing, at all.
Sir!
Yes...
Anyway, the situation is similar.
You lost your old identity
but gained a new, better life.
Of course, we'll provide you with a good job,
appreciate it.
And we promise the government
won't bother you anymore.
We thank you for your sacrifice
for the betterment of our reborn, national state.
We wish you all the best
in your future endeavors.
Where is he?
THE MAN WITH THE MAGIC BOX
A FEW DAYS EARLIER
with a special appearance of
Don't lose it.
Relax,
I told you it would come back to you.
Sooner or later you'll remember everything.
So, what's my name?
Adam.
I know, it was a joke.
Right.
Try to blend in.
So...
good luck.
casting
costumes
You shouldn't hang up, sir.
This is the best offer, you'd better hold off.
Yes, yes.
Mister Osowiecki said that...
Of course,
I remember. Yes.
Yes, yes!
No.
make-up
No, oh no.
Forget it.
You won't find it on this side of the river.
music
Come, come.
The building is uninhabited,
because the city has some unresolved
issues with the descendants
from before the World War II,
can you believe it?
Are you with me?
So! Theoretically you can't live here,
no building commissioning and so on.
director of photography
But since I have to put you here,
then well...
editor
Come.
I've cleaned one of the flats upstairs,
strange layout.
It looks like servant's quarters.
I haven't touched the rest.
Come, come.
Do you know how old this light bulb is?
Very old!
And it works!
Come.
Come, come.
production manager
Take it.
producers
And now I'll show you something cool.
Come.
written and directed by
No meters.
Free water.
Do you get it?
Give me your hand.
Adam, you have insufficient funds
in your account.
So maybe this...
Thank you for your transaction.
Do you need a loan?
OK, good.
Tomorrow you'll have
the container on the street.
I'll see you in two weeks,
when you get settled.
When you get some money.
First week free of charge.
You know,
I risk a lot here
so, if you could...
send a thousand points or so my way?
Every month.
You can get cheap cash from the Prols
on the other side of the river.
Ah,
and don't you forget to go to work
or they'll send you back.
Bye.
We will implant a chip In your body,
it will be your new identity,
your credit card...
Meanwhile in Warsaw,
the head of the Visegrad Union,
Roman Lebik,
reassured his allies at the convention,
that the cities of our homelands
are perfectly protected
by the missile defense shield.
The incidents that have taken place
in eastern Slovakia
are the result of opposition sabotage.
Burgers and energy drink.
Roman Lebik also confirmed
the quotas of military contingents
for joint defense and
counteroffensive operations.
Hi.
So, how are you?
You won't believe
what happened to me yesterday.
So:
I go for a walk with my little girl,
right, just like we always do and we,
you know, circle the apartment building
once, twice, three times, yeah,
and we meet this guy form the apartment 20,
you know the guy, yeah.
Excuse me, whose bag is this?
I can see you've mastered
the art of vacuuming.
This is your personal transporter
for equipment and cleaning products
of the biggest chemical
and pharmaceutical company,
which is destroying this poor planet.
There,
you can't go behind that door,
this is zone zero.
You don't clean there.
It's top secret.
Our masters and benefactors,
our patrons and protectors work there.
You vacuum the floor, clean the desks.
If you find something valuable,
put it in the locker
then you empty the bin and move on.
Unless there's a power break,
just like right now.
In the summer,
you do the empty desks by the windows.
But when it's dark,
you stand still and wait for the backup lights.
The lights start off bright
and then dim a little.
Over there you have lifts.
They eat up most of the power,
to get the trapped ones to their destination.
Usually, you just wait a minute,
but if the lights don't come back,
you can take an extra break.
Not today.
Have a good first day at work.
Hey, you peeper!
Riddle me this: what animal
walks on four legs in the morning,
on two in the afternoon and on three in the evening?
I thought so.
Watch out for this one, she's crazy.
She'll bring you misfortune.
A day is a life of a man...
Too late.
But I appreciate it.
I'll give you good advice:
don't be too chummy with the office staff.
We'll never be mates.
I'd also try to spend as little time
as possible with this moron, Bernard.
He can be really dangerous.
Do you know that he lives
in a broom closet?
Come with me for a second.
In a normal situation,
you should be asking me out right now.
Do you want to go out?
What a nerve!
Just like Bernie.
Boy, you are direct.
I appreciate the offer,
but you know,
I work on one of the highest floors
of one of the highest buildings in Warsaw.
So do I.
You didn't let me finish.
You interrupted me,
and I had a really cool bit prepared.
You distracted me.
Adam, collect the package.
Adam Nowak,
please collect the package.
Thank you.
I hate my job, I'm lonely and bitter.
But I don't blame the Creator.
When I was little they thought, I had Asperger's,
then Tourette's, but I just tell the truth.
Maybe you just can't lie?
I can't lie.
I lied.
Of course, I can lie.
So, how did you get here?
In a boat.
Why in a boat?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm afraid of the attack.
Don't be stupid.
Subway.
The subway is the safest,
they won't blow it up.
It's too expensive,
it's not worth it.
They only destroy objects
when land tenancy is running out,
this way they govern through fear.
Bernard...
Is it true that you live in a broom closet?
Come on.
No hacker will steal my password.
Get in!
Don't worry, I don't bite.
And don't suck either.
Just joking.
Have you ever thought about
going on a disability pension?
No way.
It's a great ruse for thieves.
I've been working in the company
for as long as I can remember,
and when I had a problem
with a mortgage in Swiss francs
they offered me this room
so I wouldn't end up on the street.
I don't need much.
I like it here.
It's nice of them.
Right?
A vitamin?
Don't you miss windows?
A view?
Space?
Strange.
I've never thought about it before.
And besides,
no one's watching me.
Adam, can I ask you a question?
Please.
I mean, ask away.
Where did you come from, man?
You didn't clean my desk.
You don't deserve me taking it.
- Come on...
- No "come on", I said no.
The salesman swore on Allah it's real.
And that's why
we're from two different worlds.
I appreciate the gesture,
it must have cost
a half of your salary.
My grandma would call you romantic.
Gallant.
You're nice, really,
but sorry.
You'll be chasing me.
Yeah!
Only if I catch my scarf
in the door of your car.
Do you have a car?
You're not helping yourself
with those answers.
[Mushroom Killer]
[Maria, athlete's foot is not the end of the world - Mushroom Killer]
[Free Will Estate]
[Goria, don't put off a decision to start a family indefinitely]
[More space will give you wings]
[Free Will Estate]
There are already signs of the emergence
of very dangerous diseases
which haven't been seen
in Europe for a long time.
Cholera on Greek islands,
dysentery in Vienna
various types of parasites, protozoans,
which aren't dangerous
in the organisms of these people
but which could be dangerous here.
I remember every word,
your every smile.
Today, I noticed the first gray hair
on your temple...
It moved me immensely
I still remember the day, when...
I saw you for the first time
So quiet and cheerful.
Look at the gossamer
Silver threads floating in the air.
Like clouds...
We can bang like this sometimes
For sport.
And then you hold me and let me go.
It's not personal.
If I find someone who gives me
sense of security, I'll follow him
even to the edge of the world,
but it's not you.
I'd better go now.
Thanks for the orgasm.
Try to get more comfortable, loosen up and relax.
Don't be as stiff as a poker.
Relax, just relax.
Now, look at the wall in front of you
and search for a space
where you can visualize a big triangle.
Then imagine there's a circle
inside that triangle.
If the image inside your mind
starts to blur,
try again patiently and calmly.
Stay watchful and focused.
Triangle with a circle.
Again and again.
If it's possible, try not to blink.
Close your eyes.
What are you doing here?
Come on doggy,
let's go.
Come on.
While breathing out imagine
that the number three appears
in front of you three times.
While repeating in your head:
three, three, three.
Do it now.
Breathe in,
breathe in.
And when you breathe out
Three!
Relax now.
If any of your muscles are tensed,
It's not enough to think about them,
You have to relax them.
Relax the muscles of your face.
You're now relaxing the muscles
of your face.
Your forehead.
Make sure you're not frowning.
We must be really careful.
You're aware of consequences.
I just came to get a sip of water.
Goria, your free water limit is up.
The times we live in!
You were in my dreams last night.
It's obvious.
Anything else?
No, only you and two men.
Fuck off.
I don't know if this is a good idea.
Wait, Bernard.
This is a pacemeter, there are lamps inside,
it needs to warm up.
I know.
I had a history of technology at school, too.
Beautiful,
sweet,
kitty, kitty, kitty.
Bernard, it's not like that!
It's supposed to play songs.
I swear, it works.
Don't worry, it happens.
The city increased the fluoride level
in the water, you're hallucinating.
Bernard, please!
And now take it and get out!
Get this shit out of here.
- Take it and don't you ever bring this shit here again...
- What?
- ...never again, you moron!
- All right!
Get out!
I'm sorry, I'm turning it off.
Wait, I want to say goodbye.
No!
Bernard.
You have to come by.
You have to help me.
You have to fix something for me.
No way.
Please, I know you can.
I can't, I have to work.
Bernard.
It's very important for me, Bernard.
Do you hear me?
Okay.
Just let me finish this.
How many do you have left?
Five walls.
Oh, there you are.
Goria!
I would like to share with you
something I discovered.
What? There's oil coming down your faucet?
I wouldn't share it with anybody,
or the hell will break loose at your home.
Stop following me.
OK, just a minute,
I wanted to show you something special.
I've seen it.
I wouldn't go that far.
There's not much to boast about.
I know you really like me.
You don't have much competition.
Most of them are gay,
and the nice boys are in the army.
We can go now.
Good, go to get the tools,
I'll be right back.
Go get the tools,
he'll be right back.
Just watch out for germs and viruses.
You don't look good,
what's wrong with you?
Will you come?
If I do, it's only out of pity.
Excellent.
Fine with me.
I would sit on you deep down
and fuck you hard.
That's nice.
So, I'll come by when my period's gone.
Ground floor.
I don't know.
I'm not going anywhere, sorry.
Bernard,
I beg you, you have to help me.
No way, it won't work.
I can't do it.
Please, mate, it's just few steps from here.
You can do it.
Read my lips: I can't.
Bernard.
Let me go.
I'm sorry, my legs are asleep.
Bernard,
I'm sorry.
Everything's going to be fine.
Nearby there is a place
with an unlimited Internet.
Go there.
Be careful.
Go.
Please, help me up.
My legs are asleep.
Excuse me.
Wait.
Yes?
I'd like to connect to the Internet.
You're in the right place.
Water.
Twice filtered.
Thank you.
Stop!
Shit!
We have a fugitive.
Tape B, recording one.
Modification.
In your current level of superconsciousness,
in a familiar scenery,
build yourself a workshop to do
mind perfecting exercises.
Let it be bright, roomy space.
Furnish it with comfortable
and esthetically pleasing items.
Lay a soft carpet on the floor.
WARSAW, 1952
[With party toward a better future]
Come with us, citizen.
Come, come.
I live here, comrade.
What do you have there?
Let us see!
I don't really know...
my mom sent me.
Open it.
Go on, open it.
Never mind, comrade engineer,
you're free to go.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
Have you seen my dog?
Do you perhaps have an old radio
like the one you have destroyed?
I do.
I'm looking out the window
Tired and longing for storm
The Sun is high, so high
Shining into pilot's eye
Warming tirelessly
Cold, blue, great expanse
I'm waiting for wind to scatter
This dark and swirly matter
I'll stand there as one
Face to face with the Sun
I'm waiting for wind to scatter
This dark and swirly matter
I'll stand there as one
Face to face with the Sun
It's not what I meant.
I was thinking about something else.
But I don't keep money at home.
I'm not here,
to steal from you
or kill you.
In that case,
I can't help you.
You have a beautiful brooch, mam.
Stop sucking up.
We're here about the case 19...
We're here about the case 1977
#fugitives/2204
My heart breaks when I see
an officer with potential like yours,
who, instead of working
on priorities of our department...
I don't even feel like finishing.
That's a shame.
I'd like to hear that
All right, all right.
I'm giving my permission
for your two-person squad
to implement preventative actions
and to move the surveillance
of the target into the field.
Yes, sir.
Tape A, recording three.
Procedure:
Lie down comfortably,
relax,
lie comfortably, loosely, calmly
relax
If the conjured image starts to blur,
start again, calmly and patiently.
Stay focused and present.
A triangle with a circle.
The first experimental TV program.
You lost it!
Come by tonight.
It seems I've discovered
something amazing.
Share it online.
Do you want to bang?
Good, me too.
But...
first take me on a real date
with beer or something.
Fine.
Then we'll bang!
But change the sheets.
It suits you.
You'll see...
You have to get yourself in a trance.
First you think it's a dream
and then it's like you get this
strong impression, that...
you see, hear and feel
that you can touch things.
Hey, this guy keeps looking at us.
He's looking at you,
because you're exceptionally beautiful.
Maybe.
Continue.
The most beautiful girl I've ever talked to.
Not this,
the one about the radio.
It's here.
Listen,
if you try to do something
to me I don't want,
I'll rip your dick off.
Okay.
And now kiss me
just like they do it in the movies.
Okay.
[Better tomorrow was yesterday]
They love it.
Wait here,
when I say "come in"- come in.
All right.
Come in!
Sit in the armchair.
That's illegal.
Whatever.
Adaś...
Everything's great and all,
but I didn't come here to watch TV.
I think I love you.
That's nice
but you're not my type.
I'm looking for someone...
mature and responsible.
Somebody to start a family.
If I were unlucky enough
to get pregnant with you, I...
would have to get rid of it.
Anybody can see you're a freak.
I'm not.
Yes, you are.
I must get going
or I'll miss the last subway.
You don't want to stay the night?
It's too intimate.
Tape A, recording three
Procedure:
Lie down comfortably,
relax,
Lie comfortably, loosely, calmly.
Relax.
Loosely.
...to the hospital.
He's here!
Siwicki, tell us where you were!
Take it easy,
take it easy, not so close.
Gentlemen,
let's truly celebrate
the return of our friend.
That's something!
That's a Nobel Prize,
that's a Nobel Prize, professor!
Professor, a shot?
Cheers!
Gentlemen!
Let your friend rest.
Of course, of course.
Take it easy, Krzyś.
Breath.
Now.
You're safe now.
In my session,
I felt like there was no matter! Krzyś...
You were maybe two or three minutes.
Time is not important.
Coming back to the Gudriev's experiment,
I think we can't exclude
any of these options.
But nobody is excluding any options.
We won't agree
until Krzysztof says something.
See, Urszulka?
Krzysio is back and he's fine.
Let's go.
We don't want you
to turn grey from the smoke.
Out of body experience!
Cheers, Krzysiu!
Gentlemen...
Silence!
I don't know...
I dreamt about a bleak flat,
getting across the river.
I saw my body from afar,
I could walk through
walls like a ghost.
It was a dream, which...
I don't know if it really was a dream, or...
I don't know if this is not a dream.
Hi, chubby.
I'm on a break.
I don't have to talk to you.
I've noticed.
Your day is one long break.
Where's your buddy?
I don't know,
he's not here.
I've noticed that, too.
You're not curious
what happened to him?
No.
You're not curious at all?
Not even a little.
I thought you were buddies.
Call him.
Do you have any better ideas?
I can't help you, babe.
Take this one, now!
Here.
Thank you.
What's your relation to the patient?
We're supposed to get married.
In the spring.
Your fiancé is in a coma.
His condition is not a result
of any physical trauma, like an accident.
We don't really know what's wrong with him.
The CT didn't show anything.
He can wake up tomorrow
or he can never wake up again.
Can I see him now?
You should go now.
Your friend is in good hands.
He's been in better ones before.
I don't doubt that.
You have to tell me everything Adam told you,
do you understand?
No way.
I promised to be discreet.
Fine, it may not interest you,
but your buddy and my dear friend
is now lying like...
sea food,
like some sort
of steamed vegetable, get it?
I don't know.
Something happened to him.
He's almost a dead man.
And only you can help me,
but you have to be honest with me and tell me.
Everything.
But I know nothing.
I just clean here.
Just clean?
Who would keep such
a lazy bone like you?
Look around, the way you live.
Where's your bed?
Don't take it personally,
but I'm not interested.
You don't have one.
Because you don't need it.
When was the last time you slept?
- What did you dream about?
What did you dream about?
This visit is making me tired.
This visit is making me tired,
you're making me tired.
I make friends easily,
I know many secrets of this corporation.
You're our first android, you fool.
And not a good one at that.
Fat, ugly, bald,
forty-year-old android!
Really, who would want such a fat android?
I guess they didn't have better embryos.
Tell me, Bernie
Bernie...
You remember everything.
No way, I promised to be discreet.
It's a matter of honor.
Honorable robot?
That's funny.
Fine.
Fuck you.
I'll manage without you.
[for with]
[much]
[wisdom]
[comes]
[much]
[sorrow]
Good morning.
This door, please.
I'd like to buy one exhibit from you.
If only you were a midget, too.
When I was younger,
I was much taller.
Please, choose something,
they're all well maintained,
in good condition.
Maybe this.
Choose one.
Did you bring cash like I asked?
Yes.
But it wasn't easy.
I suppose it wasn't.
Sir...
Do you think that...
you can travel
in time with this radio?
Don't know.
I'm no scientist.
Take this one, too.
A souvenir.
Thank you,
it was good to see you.
It was good to hear you.
Wait.
[For with much]
[wisdom]
[comes much]
[grief]
[Ec. S. 1 :18]
Oh fuck!
She was telling the truth.
I adore her.
Fat android.
Can you hurry up?
I promise, it works fine.
Don't worry, man, the city increased
the fluoride level in the water, you're hallucinating.
Send it to me.
Maybe they didn't have better embryos.
I despise you.
You're dirt to us.
Fuck.
Agent Jan Targosz
from National Security Bureau
Please call me back urgently
His only photo.
I stole it from daddy.
I had a crush on him.
Tea?
Maybe coffee?
What do you know about Adam's past?
I don't understand,
I asked about tea.
Fuck!
I'll bring some
tea and cookies.
We'll have a chat.
I'm 83 years
I've spent my whole life in this house
and now I'd like to...
move somewhere else.
Help me.
My daddy,
professor engineer Emfazy Stefański,
was a genius.
In those days,
just like today,
if you loved Poland
you could choose between
escaping through the Iron Curtain
or dying for the country.
Father decided to use alpha
and theta waves to escape.
Together with his assistants
they spent days working on Polish Television,
and experimented at night.
Krzysztof was my daddy's favorite assistant.
In the fall of 1952
my Krzysztof,
and your Adam,
left his body for few hours.
He was unconscious
but he came back.
But one day Krzyś didn't come back.
I guess somebody really overdid it!
We're so sorry,
but Krzyś has to rest a little bit more.
Direction: bathroom.
Just a little bit more, Krzyś.
Fuck, bravo, gentlemen.
Do you recognize me?
And now?
Goria!
It's short for Phantasmagoria, right?
Maybe.
Come back to me!
Wake up for me!
I don't know how to explain,
I don't fully understand it myself.
You don't have to explain anything.
I'm few steps ahead of you.
XXI century says hello.
I don't understand.
You don't have to.
Just come back to me.
I don't want to be alone anymore.
Wake up for me.
Krzysiu!
Why are you sitting in the dark?
Oh, excuse moi!
My apologies
Heniu,
get the professor to the kitchen.
It looks like your experiment works.
And in both ways.
Remember, you were unconscious
for a long time.
I just came to get a sip of water.
Ask her.
Try not to scare her off.
Krzysiu!
Agent Jan Targosz,
National Security Bureau.
Warsaw 2030.
Welcome to the future.
We have to explain in the simplest way
for you to understand
who you are,
but you won't know who you were.
The government removed
your memory to restore you to society,
without taking away your physical life.
Life.
You lost your old identity,
but you gained a new, better life.
Of course, we'll provide you with
a good job, appreciate it.
And we promise the government
won't bother you anymore.
We thank you for your sacrifice
for the betterment of our reborn
independent
country.
We wish you all the best
in your future endeavors.
Where is he?
How incompetent, fix her.
Written and directed by
Producers
Co-producers
Directors of photography
Music
Editing
Sound
Set Design
Costume Design
Make up Artist
Casting by
Production manager